oh boy, I do not know not to remember you either
play in the snow
the doll make you want to play in the snow
It's a doll to do.
we first need to put the
flour in here can report
all with care this
we have to put sugar later
and that can play and there
then the sugar ale is the salt mount
everything is hurt
Then you know what to do now.
mix ne
mix mixture ready mix
mixed everything there we go to
part plus 6 and cooked prepared keita
to foul the boring hand
Come on, we 'll play Grandpa.
what to play then play carefully and play
everything careful not now know oo
other than the yolk butter it all
this is the island can give it all
joão goes ahead
ae come monster yummy Da Matta already
That takes everything well again, right?
Now we're going to wash the monster hand.
of Mole and put our cook for 15
minutes in the refrigerator
What do we need to do now, daughter?
It's like asking me, will I sing this?
And for this we have to do what
again with the butter in
small pieces
so send it and pass it on to
Really
You do not know how much sugar I made.
Then we'll play just a little bit
so let him play as I take the tube
just a little bit, we'll see if it's
good if we play online
that's what I'm going to do I'll do it like this
it's just like that
We're already on the road and we're going to model.
the cookies
now we need to make balls of
size of what we want to stay
all just alike will I do I
I'm going to measure a balance, but you too.
You can use a spoon that looks the same
Who looks pretty cute here has 40
grams is the ideal home dance now sofia
will tie the tie make a ball
now but at home you can mix
chocolate or your mlk and aki together
to make the juice, but we will want
do one by one so we can choose the
colors there we put the ml of the color that
they want is when you gonna do it
his nor you devastated after and was
blue
the pound
There, the law does not like the law.
Princess Princess years of Elza
she laughed is the whole is demanding and I think the
You'll do now is put in the oven
and 180 degrees
fucking the 25 minutes but for that the
child can not right
have to ask for help for those who are already
seems title was exactly an adult
then it's good
is it crazy and have here is tasty
I think I like
It's okay, it's good, it's okay, it's okay.
that's what you did, because you know where
she is sad because she thinks she can
show the way
with that it is something that already there
Here you can here is what to train in
house is a battle of the beater and
liked
I think it's nothing
Look who does this so cook one.
wafer a cookie in the technical
between the microphone over the phone
considering taking the role important role
powder and liked what hot
and you liked making money, they end up
For you it's the parrot.